RESPONSIVE WEBSITE:



Back in the day, developers usually  create 2 separate website for a company. One for desktop users, and the others for mobile device users. 

Now that smart phone usage is higher than ever , web designers can create just one website that seamlessly scale contents to fit any screen.
 This is called responsive web design.  
 Implementing the responsive web design on your project means that each user despite the device will have a flexible experience, 
 layouts and presentation might adjust according to the size of your screen, 
 but your website and the information remains the same. The creator of responsive web design is ETHAN MARCOTTE, 
 after getting tired of his clients often coming back to ask that he designs a different website for the iPhone, 
 after having completed the design for the desktop website. This led him to a single, scalable design, 
 so that his websites and their functions will be coherent between mobile devices and desktops alike. 
 Responsive website also optimizes costs, saves designers time. Therefore, having one website that anyone can access
 means you will be able to reach more people and devices Than ever.
 Responsive web design can be achieved 
 with the use of FLEXIBLE GRIDS, FLEXIBLE IMAGES AND MEDIA QUERIES, by syncing the layout graphics and images
 to each users devices, the website liquid layout scale to fit the screen accessing it.  

AMAZON:
Websites like Amazon has benefitted a lot from responsive design as it allows users to complete purchase seamlessly regardless of screen size.
Users could hop on the Amazon’s website using any device of their choice.
It provides a collapsible hambuger menu on phones and a full menu on desktops, this helps the site adjust dynamically.
	
    Breakdown on how this works with media query; Responsive design css3 media query, instructs the website to collect data for the site’s visitor and then returns the information to the device software o it know which design to respond with, now the user’s browser will respond with the flexible image that best suits the users’ screen size.
     However, the users gain the same information from the website, regardless of the device type.
Back in 2002, Audi.com were the first to use responsive website.
Companies across the world has found that responsive website provides a seamless experience for users. This is a way to take your organization or company into the future, no matter your industry.